Arcsight json bug (#25509)
demisto/content: Packs/ArcSightESM/ReleaseNotes/1_1_10.md

#### Integrations

##### ArcSight ESM v2

> - Fixed an issue where **fetch** command failed to insert incidents due to typing mismatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the ***fetch-incidents*** command failed when the API response was not JSON serializable.
```
